doc: additional projections details (#1325)
NOAA-FIMS/FIMS: vignettes/fims-demo-projections.Rmd

## Projections

> Here we specify how many years beyond the terminal data year projections should be run for. This could be short (<10) for constant catch scenarios or long (1 or more generations) in order to calculate equilibrium reference points such as Fmsy and Bmsy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we specify how many years beyond the terminal data year that projections extend out. This could be short (<10) for constant catch scenarios or long (one or more generations) to calculate equilibrium reference points such as fishing mortality at maximum sustainable yield or biomass at maximum sustainable yield.
```

    ),
    by = c("label", "age")
  )
```

Setting up projections to achieve a reference point target

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
